A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
A bus is a vehicle that travels twice as fast when you run after it than when you ride on it.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for my kickboxing.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son. I'm still paying."
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families, and careers.
Alcohol is not the answer; it just makes you forget the question.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
America is a country that produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Behind every successful man is a woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong.
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine.
Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
You spend the first 2 years of a child's life teaching him to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling him to sit down and shut up.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Deja Vu: When you think you're doing something you've done before, it's because God thought it was so funny, he had to rewind it for his friends.
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the edge of the pool and throw them fish.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
Evening news is where they begin with "Good evening," and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Everything is edible, but some things are only edible once.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Girls are like roads: the more curves they have, the more dangerous they are.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
How is it that one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
I always take life with a grain of salt...plus a slice of lemon...and a shot of tequila.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was blaming you.
I don't have a beer gut. I have a protective covering for my rock hard abs.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I don't have an attitude. I have a personality you can't handle.
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
I have all the money I'll ever need—if I die by 4:00 pm today.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
I read recipes the same way I read science fiction. I get to the end and I think, "Well, that's not going to happen."
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it, so I said "Implants?"
I saw six men kicking and punching one mother-in-law. My neighbor said, "Are you going to help?" I said 'No, six should be enough.'
I thought I wanted a career; as it turned out, I just wanted paychecks.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather, not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
If 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea, does that mean that 1 person enjoys it?
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
If Bill Gates had a penny for every time I had to reboot my computer. Oh wait...he does.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child?
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you'll have trouble putting on your pants.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings."
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial costs and blamed it on the cost of living.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Join the Army, visit exotic places, meet strange people, and then kill them.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Laugh at your problems. Everybody else does.
Life is like a bird: it's pretty cute until it poops on your head.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that we don't like.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Money talks, but all mine ever says is good-bye.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy, and I said I wanted a second opinion. He said, "Okay, you're ugly too."
Never get into fights with ugly people. They have nothing to lose.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
No one is listening until you fart.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Only dead fish go with the flow.
Only in America do banks leave both doors open and then chain the pens to the counters.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Progress is made by lazy men looking for an easier way to do things.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Some people are like Slinkies: not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Some people hear voices. Some see invisible people. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
The best way to lie is to tell the carefully edited truth.
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The easiest job in the world has to be coroner. Surgery on dead people. What's the worst thing that could happen? If everything went wrong, maybe you'd get a pulse.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name is so that he can know when he's really in trouble.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
There are three kinds of people: The ones who learn by reading. The ones who learn by observation. And the rest of them who have to touch the fire to learn it's hot.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
To err is human; to blame it on somebody else shows management potential.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
When in doubt, mumble.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
When you choke a Smurf, what color does it turn?
When you go into court, you are putting your fate into the hands of people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Whenever I'm asked for an emergency contact, I write "DOCTOR." What's my mother going to do?
Whoever coined the phrase, "Quiet as a mouse," has never stepped on one.
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and fifty for Miss America?
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection?
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable like a coma.
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, "My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic"?
Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut and still think they are sexy.
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Women should not have children after 35. 35 children are enough.
Whose idea was it to put an "s" in the word "lisp"?
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet.
Sometimes the best helping hand you can give is a good, firm push.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Smith & Wesson: The original point-and-click interface.
People will believe anything if you whisper it.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
It matters not whether you win or lose. What matters is whether I win or lose.
IRS: They've got what it takes to take what you've got.
I'm in shape. Round is a shape, isn't it?
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store free yet?
If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the wrong lane.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. Then it dawned on me: they were cramming for their finals.
I hope I'm the last guy on earth. I wanna see if all those women were lying to me.
I have to exercise early in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege.
Every day, humankind is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. 
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who knows what's going on?
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Be careful of your thoughts. They may become words at any moment.
Archeologist: someone whose career lies in ruins.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.