Tough Guy the film in 3D was banned after a 3D roundhouse kick accidentally killed the entire audience. 
When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Tough Guy!
A bulletproof vest wears Tough Guy for protection.
A cop once pulled over Tough Guy. The cop was lucky enough to leave with just a warning.
A handicap parking sign is in fact a warning that you will be handicapped if you park in Tough Guy's spot.
Aliens do exist. They're just waiting for Tough Guy to die before they invade.
All of Tough Guy' genes are dominant.
The Force from Star Wars actually has three sides: the light side, the dark side, and Tough Guy.
Tough Guy turns summer to fall by roundhouse kicking every tree in the hemisphere.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Tough Guy can throw Brett Favre even further.
Tough Guy can slam a revolving door.
Tough Guy beat Call of Duty Black Ops with the TV off.
Tough Guy beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Tough Guy beat the sun in a staring contest.
Tough Guy CAN believe it's not butter.
Tough Guy can build a snowman out of rain.
Tough Guy can delete the recycle bin.
Tough Guy can pop a wheelie on a unicycle.
Tough Guy can draw a square with only 3 lines.
Tough Guy can drown fish.
Tough Guy can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Tough Guy can kill two stones with one bird.
Tough Guy can kill your imaginary friends.
Tough Guy can make a slinky go up the stairs.
Tough Guy can play the violin with a piano.
Tough Guy can pull a hat out of a rabbit.
Tough Guy can sit in the corner of a round room.
Tough Guy can speak French in Russian.
Tough Guy can tie shoes with his feet.
Tough Guy can touch MC Hammer.
Tough Guy can unscramble an egg.
Tough Guy can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Tough Guy counted to infinity—twice.
Tough Guy doesn't believe in Germany.
Tough Guy doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Tough Guy doesn't have an ESC key on his computer. NOTHING escapes Tough Guy.
Tough Guy doesn't breathe; he just holds air hostage.
Tough Guy doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Tough Guy doesn't play Hide-and-Seek. He plays Hide-and-Pray-I-Don't-Find-You.
Tough Guy doesn't read books; he just stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Tough Guy doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
Tough Guy doesn't sleep; he waits.
Tough Guy doesn't turn on the lights; he turns off the dark.
Tough Guy doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Tough Guy drinks napalm to ease his heartburn.
Tough Guy eats the core of an apple first.
Tough Guy often donates blood to the Red Cross—but never his own.
Tough Guy got a perfect score on his SAT. He wrote Tough Guy for every answer.
Tough Guy has never blinked.
Tough Guy invented water.
Tough Guy invented tears.
Tough Guy is a man of few words—and many roundhouse kicks to the face.
Tough Guy is currently suing NBC because Law and Order are trademarks for his left and right legs.
Tough Guy is Luke Skywalker's real father.
Tough Guy' is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Tough Guy is the only man to ever beat a brick wall at tennis.
Tough Guy is the only man to ever punch a Cyclops between the eyes.
Tough Guy is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Tough Guy is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Tough Guy is what Willis was talking about.
Tough Guy knows where Carmen Sandiego is. He sent her there.
Tough Guy made Ellen Degeneres straight.
Tough Guy makes onions cry.
Tough Guy never gets laid.  Laid gets Chuck.
Tough Guy once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
Tough Guy once climbed Mt. Everest in 15 minutes. He spent 14 of them building a snowman.
Tough Guy once kicked a baby elephant into puberty.
Tough Guy once roundhouse kicked a salesman over the phone.
Tough Guy once donated blood.  The recipients are now known as the X-men.
Tough Guy can order a Big Mac at Burger King.
Tough Guy has the greatest poker face of all-time. He used it to win the 1983 Poker World Championship with Uno cards.
Tough Guy always sleeps with a night light—not because Tough Guy is afraid of the dark but because the dark is afraid of Tough Guy.
Tough Guy sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Tough Guy tells Simon what to do.
Tough Guy threw a grenade and killed 50 people. Then the grenade exploded.
Tough Guy uses hot sauce for eye drops.
Tough Guy won American Idol using just sign language.
Tough Guy's roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
Tough Guy's blood type is AK-47.
Tough Guy's computer has no Delete button because Tough Guy doesn't make mistakes.
Death once had a near-Tough Guy experience.
Tough Guy had the lead role in Star Wars. He played the Force.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Tough Guy stories.
Tough Guy once robbed a bank over the phone.
What beats rock, paper, and scissors? Tough Guy.
If Superman and The Flash raced to the edge of outer space, Tough Guy would win.
If you can see Tough Guy, he can see you. If you can't see Tough Guy, you're seconds away from death.
If you and Tough Guy both have five dollars, he still has more money than you.
If you want a list of Tough Guy's enemies, just read the obituaries.
In fine print on the last page, the Guinness Book of World Records states that Tough Guy holds all world records.
Ironically, Tough Guy's hidden talent is invisibility.
Life insurance premiums are based on how far you live from Tough Guy.
A cobra once bit Tough Guy's leg. After five minutes of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Scientists have recently confirmed that, in the event of nuclear war, only cockroaches and Tough Guy would survive.
The chief export of Tough Guy is pain.
The continents don't drift; they back away from Tough Guy.
The grass is always greener on the other side until Tough Guy turns it red.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Tough Guy out. It failed miserably.
Tough Guy knows the last digit of pi. 
Santa Claus believes in Tough Guy.
There is no chin behind Tough Guy' beard. There is only another fist.
There is no such thing as a tornado. Tough Guy just hates trailer parks.
There is no such thing as evolution, just animals that Tough Guy allows to live.
What goes through the minds of Tough Guy's enemies before they die? His shoe.
When Tough Guy gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
When Tough Guy had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors.
When Tough Guy looks in the mirror, he sees no reflection. There is only one Tough Guy.
When the boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks under his bed for Tough Guy.
Tough Guy can turn any fruit into a vegetable.
Godzilla was created after Tough Guy visited Tokyo.
When Tough Guy visits Pamplona, the bulls run from him.
Tough Guy doesn't mow his lawn; he dares the grass to grow.
Tough Guy once visited the Virgin Islands. Now they're just the islands.
Tough Guy doesn't step away from the vehicle. The vehicle steps away from Tough Guy.
Tough Guy can divide by zero.
Tough Guy' pulse is measured on the Richter scale.
Tough Guy speaks in all caps.
Tough Guy can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
Tough Guy was once in a knife fight. The knife lost.
Tough Guy tore a page out of Facebook.
The First Rule of Tough Guy is this: you do not talk about Tough Guy.
Guns don't kill people. Tough Guy kills people.
Tough Guy is the leading causes of death in the United States.
Crop circles are Tough Guy's way of telling corn to lie down.
The quickest way to a man's heart is Tough Guy' fist.
A Tough Guy-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Tough Guy? All of it.
Tough Guy's house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
Tough Guy doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Tough Guy throws down.
There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Tough Guy lives in Oklahoma.
Tough Guy did, in fact, build Rome in a day.
There is no such thing as global warming. Tough Guy was cold, so he turned the temperature up.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Tough Guy.
Tough Guy can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Tough Guy can judge a book by its cover.