Want to hear a stupid joke? 
Heard any funny jokes lately?
A balanced diet includes one daily serving of Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
You look like you could use a laugh.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free misses you. Come back!
Hot, fresh jokes coming right up!
What can Tough Guy do that you can't?
Start your day off right with some corny jokes.
Be the life of the party with these pithy one-liners.
You know what never gets old? Stupid Knock-Knock jokes.
Win friends and influence people with hilarious one-liners.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free thinks you're funny.
Do you have a good sense of humor? So does Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
The only thing better than a compliment is a well-timed punch line.
Ten jokes a day keeps the doctor away.
You think your jokes are bad? Check these out!
Thanks to Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free, you don't have to be witty.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…supporting stand-up comedians since 2012.
Do you want to be the next Will Ferrell?
Do you want to be the next Zach Galifianakis?
Do you want to be the next Dane Cook?
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…it's like college, only without the homework.
Are you bored? Check out some Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Need some entertainment?
Need a quick laugh?
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…a party in your pocket.
These jokes are so BAD they'll make you laugh.
Who said jokes have to be good? Try these.
The only thing more stupid than you is these jokes.
The best thing to do in a fight is incapacitate your enemy with jokes.
Why share a clever one-liner when you can know a corny one?
Jokes are low in fat and high in fiber.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…better than cold beer.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…better than bikinis.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…better than chocolate cake.
Come back and play with Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free is to humor what cats are to dogs.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…believe in it.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free…turning wimps into winners since 2012.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free is to laughter what bacon is to life.
Need to impress a beautiful woman? Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free can help.
What's life without a few corny jokes? Have fun with Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Fill your free time with Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Forget breakfast! Start your day with Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free for President. Cast your vote today.
50% of women find 50% of men 50% more attractive while using Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Tough Guy once delivered twins on an international flight…while asleep.
Attention: These jokes are looking for laughs. Please inquire inside.
ANNOUNCING…your day…only better. Add some Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free.
Do your part to protect the environment. Tell some jokes today.
Every 20 minutes a child is delighted by Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free Jokes.
Every time you open Best Stupid Jokes and Puns Free, an angel gets its wings.